PE-1919: Refactor custom Arweave Gateway URL (#616)
ardriveapp/ardrive-web: README.md

To create a release to [app.ardrive.io](https://app.ardrive.io), first merge any changes from `dev` into `master` that are required, and publish a new release through the GitHub UI with the tag name matching the pattern `v*` eg. `v1.0.1`.

This will trigger a GitHub Action that will deploy `master` to production.

## Using a custom Arweave Gateway URL

> You can use a custom gateway URL by setting the `flutter.arweaveGatewayUrl` item in your local storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a custom gateway URL by setting the `flutter.arweaveGatewayUrl` key in browser's Local Storage.
```

> In web you can use this example in the JavaScript console of your browser:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the web app opened you can access the browser JavaScript console to run the follow examples:
```
